docs(probe): update the probe docs to latest schema (#413)
litmuschaos/litmus-docs: docs/litmus-probe.md

- **EoT:** Executed at the End of Test as a post-chaos check
- **Edge:** Executed both, before and after the chaos 
- **Continuous:** The probe is executed continuously, with a specified polling interval during the chaos injection. 

> - **OnChaos:** The probe is executed continuously, with a specified polling interval for entire chaos duration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **OnChaos:** The probe is executed continuously, with a specified polling interval strictly for chaos duration of chaos
```

For continuous - say throughout the experiment duration
